c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Interactive.Data.dll.config
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Interactive.Data.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Interactive.Data.pdb
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\obj\Debug\Interactive.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\obj\Debug\Interactive.Data.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\obj\Debug\Interactive.Data.pdb
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Interactive.Models.dll
c:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\bin\Debug\Interactive.Models.pdb
C:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\obj\Debug\Interactive.Data.Migrations.initial.resources
C:\Users\NIKII\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Interactive\Interactive.Data\obj\Debug\Interactive.Data.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
